Updates docs for CLI, FAQ, and QuickStart (#1755)
redis/redis-doc: docs/getting-started/quickstart.md

===

The suggested way of installing Redis is compiling it from sources as
Redis has no dependencies other than a working GCC compiler and `libc`.
Installing it using the package manager of your Linux distribution is somewhat
discouraged as usually the available version is not the latest.

> You can either download the latest Redis tar ball from the [redis.io](https://redis.io) web site, or you can alternatively use this special URL that always points to the latest stable Redis version; that is, [http://download.redis.io/redis-stable.tar.gz](http://download.redis.io/redis-stable.tar.gz).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can either download the latest Redis tar ball from the [redis.io](https://redis.io/download), or you can alternatively use [the URL that always points to the latest stable Redis version](http://download.redis.io/redis-stable.tar.gz).
```

* **redis-sentinel** is the Redis Sentinel executable (monitoring and failover).
* **redis-cli** is the command line interface utility to talk with Redis.
* **redis-benchmark** is used to check Redis performances.
* **redis-check-aof** and **redis-check-rdb** (**redis-check-dump** in version 3.0 and below) are useful in the rare event of corrupted data files.

It is a good idea to copy both the Redis server and the command line interface into the proper places, either manually using the following commands:

    sudo cp src/redis-server /usr/local/bin/
    sudo cp src/redis-cli /usr/local/bin/

Or just using `sudo make install`.

> In the following documentation we assume that `/usr/local/bin` is in your `PATH` environment variable so that you can execute both the binaries without specifying the full path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the following documentation we assume that `/usr/local/bin` is in your `PATH` environment variable so that you can execute both of the binaries without specifying the full path.
```

Starting Redis
===

> The simplest way to start the Redis server is executing the **redis-server** binary without any argument.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To start the Redis server, run the **redis-server** binary with no arguments.
```

    $ redis-server
    [28550] 01 Aug 19:29:28 # Warning: no config file specified, using the default config. In order to specify a config file use 'redis-server /path/to/redis.conf'
    [28550] 01 Aug 19:29:28 * Server started, Redis version 6.2.6
    [28550] 01 Aug 19:29:28 * The server is now ready to accept connections on port 6379
    ... more logs ...

In the above example Redis was started without any explicit configuration file, so all of the parameters will use the internal default.
This is perfectly fine if you are starting Redis just to learn or for development, but for production environments you should use a configuration file.

> In order to start Redis with a configuration file use the full path of the configuration file as first argument, like in the following example: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To start Redis with a configuration file, use the full path of the configuration file as the first argument to `redis-server`, as in the following example: 
```

The first thing to do in order to check if Redis is working properly is sending a **PING** command using redis-cli:

>     $ redis-cli PING

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    $ redis-cli ping
```

Reviewer: @justincastilla Since commands aren't case-sensitive, I think we should leave as is.

    PONG

Running **redis-cli** followed by a command name and its arguments will send this command to the Redis instance running on localhost at port 6379. You can change the host and port used by `redis-cli` - just try the `--help` option to check the usage information.

Another interesting way to run `redis-cli` is without arguments: the program will start in interactive mode. You can type different commands and see their replies.

    $ redis-cli

>     redis 127.0.0.1:6379> PING

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    redis 127.0.0.1:6379> ping
```

    PONG

>     redis 127.0.0.1:6379> SET mykey somevalue

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    redis 127.0.0.1:6379> set mykey somevalue
```

    OK

>     redis 127.0.0.1:6379> GET mykey

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    redis 127.0.0.1:6379> get mykey
```

You can learn [how Redis persistence works on this page](https://redis.io/topics/persistence), however what is important to understand for a quick start is that by default, if you start Redis with the default configuration, Redis will spontaneously save the dataset only from time to time (for instance after at least five minutes if you have at least 100 changes in your data), so if you want your database to persist and be reloaded after a restart make sure to call the **SAVE** command manually every time you want to force a data set snapshot. Otherwise make sure to shutdown the database using the **SHUTDOWN** command:

>     $ redis-cli SHUTDOWN

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    $ redis-cli shutdown
```

This way Redis will make sure to save the data on disk before quitting.
Reading the [persistence page](https://redis.io/topics/persistence) is strongly suggested in order to better understand how Redis persistence works.

Installing Redis more properly
==============================

> Running Redis from the command line is fine just to hack a bit or for development. However at some point you'll have some actual application to run on a real server. For this kind of usage you have two different choices:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Running Redis from the command line is fine just to hack a bit or for development. However, at some point you'll have some actual application to run on a real server. For this kind of usage you have two different choices:
```
